okay I just received some hair dye and
the dye my hair from Madison Rayne and
absolutely curly calm and I just wanted
to show you the packaging this is the
outside box it's really nice and I'll go
into a bit more detail let me get this
out it's not your average die usually
they're in the small box but this one is
very substantial it's really big and fYI
maybe the color of us on the back no I
got dark brown and averaging undertones
so it's a dark brown purple and when you
open it just get it close up here let's
go to close it says welcome to Madison
read a modern way to color your hair
we're obsessed with great hair color
making your life easier and providing
the best service possible and as you can
see it says live life brilliantly really
nice letter the one thing I want to say
about this dye it's been expensive than
normal average dye this is this is just
released to the market I believe put the
link below its 2995 and I think the only
place you can buy it right now is online
at the madison rayne website and the one
thing about this it has no parabens no
harsh chemicals it has Ericom oil and
pretty much all the harsh chemicals are
taken out and the instructions are on
the box how to prepare and mix and all
that and it comes with conditioning
color the rating the color cream oh my
gosh this stuff smells so good already
the conditioner the shampoo
cleansing wipe a cleansing light barrier
cream and it comes with two set of
gloves I love how they set this up very
substituted smear so dark it doesn't
really do anything these are very
substantial gloves some of the other
poem they're black but they're not the
flimsy kind that some other places get
and they give you a cap now tells you
exactly what to do and since I haven't
colored my hair in years and usually
when I did I went to the salon because
like I said my hair so dark it says for
your changing your hair color coding
your hair for the first time 35 minutes
so just the packaging looks like got the
velcro thing here thank you for letting
me try this and I'm gonna give it a go
and like I said the reason why I picked
the dark color is because one I'm not
gonna bleach my hair and I figured opera
gene or a plant dark brown with purple
undertone or whatever you want to call
it would it be a nice little change so
I'm not gonna show you how I dye my hair
it's been there done that on YouTube but
I will show you my results okay bye